Instructions for Android App:

Software Required: 
1)	Xampp
2)	Android Studio
3)	Web Browser
4)	Wifi and wifi enabeled devices

Place the Android and pproject folder in Xampp\htdocs and open xampp control panel
Start Apache and MySQL

Open CMD/Terminal type ipconfig/ifconfig and note your ipaddress, now note your WiFi IP address.

Open php my admin and create database with name vms

than in vms DB import file vms.sql


When you will run app the first Activity will be of SetUp enter the ip you noted above and press setup button

In App:
The first screen is of registering user you have to provide the user name, email, and password of length 8.
Once registered the data will be visible on database and you will be proceeding to Login Screen.
On Login you will get redirected to Maps showing your location (GPS must be turned on) in case of emulator change the values of latitude and longitude by clicking … icon. 
Once you click book ride your ID along with your location coordinates will be sent to database and on cancel ride, they will be deleted.
As you logged in your data is saved on your phone so you have to login only once, next time you open app Maps will be opened.





Instructions for Admin Website:
Link to download Admin website
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1gkfXGqrSl8fojIMkxAkMhpxETzmqad4q?usp=sharing
Kindly download this first and place it in Xampp\htdocs

Note you have to add driver first using admin page inorder to login as driver(you cannot insert driver unless you insert cars) in application
Login username and password is moiz
Open browser goto localhost/vms/public

1) Admin panel of vms first drived you to home page.

2) from where admin can select all the option appears in side bar and perform 
operation like update , delete, read , create (until now all these operation
are performs only on User Management while  create and read operation are 
done on all tables).

3) admin can also search the entry by name in table and sort the table by name. 

